Resize a table by adding or removing rows and columns
Click anywhere in the table, and the Table Tools option appears.
Click Design > Resize Table.
Select the entire range of cells you want your table to include, starting with the upper-leftmost cell. ... 
When you've selected the range you want for your table, press OK.Generally, every cell in a row or column has the same size, so you can't adjust the size of a cell individually without affecting the others in its same row or column. You can merge adjacent cells to create larger compound cells, however, and you can set rows and columns to automatically adjust to fit text.You can manually adjust the column width or row height or automatically resize columns and rows to fit the data. Note: The boundary is the line between cells, columns, and rows.Click and drag a column header's vertical lines to adjust the size of a column. The size of the column is adjusted accordingly. From the Format menu, select Resize Columns and Rows. The Resize Columns and Rows dialog box is displayed.Press E and the Height option opens. Enter your choices and press Enter. To change the column width, press Alt+O and then press C (for Column) and then W (for width). Type your values and press Enter.Instead of manually adjusting the TextBox size, you can change a setting, to have it resize automatically.
Right-click on the TextBox, and click Format Shape.
Click the Text Box category.
In the Autofit section, add a check mark to Resize Shape to Fit Text.Resizing is to increase or decrease the range of the table. There are three ways to resize a table. Resize table command. Drag to resize. Adding headers.There are many ways to resize columns and rows in Excel. You can adjust the width of columns to correct the display of longer cell entries. You can also adjust row height to accommodate larger fonts. To resize columns and rows in Excel, you must first select the entire column(s) and/or row(s) to adjust.Hover your arrow over the border between the column or row labels. Then click and drag the border to widen or narrow the size of each cell.There's a better way.
Open Excel and choose a document to load. ... 
Place the mouse pointer inside a cell and click to select it.
Click the Format icon in the ribbon (on the right side) and select Column Width (or Row height if you want to change the height of a Row instead). ... 
Enter the desired width, and press OK.On the Page Layout or Layout tab, click Columns. At the bottom of the list, choose More Columns. In the Columns dialog box, adjust the settings under Width and spacing to choose your column width and the spacing between columns. If you want columns of varying widths, deselect the checkbox next to Equal column width.Left-click the mouse button in the header between the columns or rows that you selected and drag the mouse to the left and right for columns and up and down for the rows to adjust the size of all of the selected columns at once. That's it.Before adjusting the column width, make sure the table's 'preferred width' option is not checked. To resize a column without affecting other columns, move the gray column markers on the ruler instead of dragging cell edges. Works like a charm.On the Layout tab, you can specify the custom height and width. To resize specific rows or column, click on a cell and then adjust the row/column. To make multiple rows or columns the same size, select the columns or rows and click Distribute Rows or Distribute ColumnsOn your computer, open a spreadsheet in Google Sheets.
Select a row or column to resize. To highlight multiple rows or columns: Mac: ⌘ + click the rows or columns. ... 
Right-click the row number or column letter.
Click Resize row or Resize column. Then, choose an option: Enter a custom height or width. ... 
Click OK.You can simply press Ctrl + A to select all the cells to make same size. Alternatively, you can on the icon between rows and columns.the Format sidebar, click the Table tab. In Row & Column Size, click the Height and Width arrows to set the size you want. The entire row or column is resized.To maintain the same ratio between the height and width of the table when you resize it, press and hold SHIFT while you drag to resize the table. To keep the table centered on the slide, press and hold CTRL while you drag to resize the table
